2022-03-24 22:11

Status: #daily

Tags: [[Daily]]

# 2022-03-24
## Com Reflection
1. How much did you learn on the components of a computer? 
I learnt much about the basics of how a computer works and the parts that go into it. I learnt a little about the construction of a computer, and what I have learnt was interesting.
2. Reflect on the experience of working in a team 
Working in a team, although harder to coordinate, took off a lot of the pressure and workload from what would have been needed for an individual project. I have learnt some on organising both the team and my own work. It was overall a good experience.
3. What would you do different if you have to do this task again? 
I felt as if I might not have done as much as I could in the team, and felt that others may have played a larger role and done more work. Furthermore, if we had gotten organised earlier, it would have been much easier.
4. What was your contribution to the whole project? 
I edited/created the visuals for the computer components section of the video. I was also in charge of researching the cooling system of a computer. I also created the gantt chart at the beginning of the project, and I helped the team get organised, laying out the things we had to do, and aided in reconsidering the roles.
5. Evaluate other team members from 1 (bad) to 5 (good).
I would rate everyone a (5).
At the beginning of the task, I was unsure of some teammembers contributions, but they proved very helpful near the end of the task. I am happy with everyone's work.